docs: add note on using PUT method to upload files (#1509)
api-platform/docs: core/file-upload.md

This example will use a custom controller to receive the file.
The second example will use a custom `multipart/form-data` decoder to deserialize the resource instead.

**Note**: Uploading files won't work in `PUT` or `PATCH` requests, you must use `POST` method to upload files.

> See [this issue on Symfony](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/issues/36146) talking of this behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the related issue on Symfony](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/issues/9226) and [the related bug in PHP](https://bugs.php.net/bug.php?id=55815) talking about this behavior.
```

Author: Oh, nice completion for the php bug, thanks !
At first I choose the issue 36146 because less old, and anyway it have a link to the oldest one.

Reviewer: Since it was marked as duplicated, I prefer to use the main one.
